The chairperson of the medical group with a market value of tens of billions is critically ill
Tens of billions of property by the biological daughter who just toured
Yi Xuerou inherits
Yi Xuerou stayed up all night in the ward
The scenes of women's affection are touching
you
might as well
Let me die
want to die
Not so easy
Are you in pain now?
Don't worry, as long as I'm by your side.
I won't let you die so easily
Because you are in pain now
Not even 1/10,000 of the pain my mother suffered back then.
Go find someone to work and borrow money
What's it called? Isn't it rich?
If you don't borrow money, you 500,000 how to win it back
Borrow money from me
Go go go
I'm sorry you're not going to borrow money
How do I get back
Get out of the way
Out of money, right?
I fucking sold you
No. This is your daughter
Let me worry about him
No.
You don't deserve to call me daughter
Do you have the responsibilities of a father?
Which father
Will gamble his wife's life-saving money overnight
Will sell his daughter to a quilt for gambling money
Wrist start
Do you know how painful it is to be held by someone's wrist?
Mr. Ye
This is the Uniform Document on Organ Donation
Are you really going to donate all your father's organs?
Don't disrupt when agreeing to take the organ.
Why is that?
Because animals should be treated like animals
I was wrong. I was wrong.
I was wrong and you were right.
It's wrong that I blocked your magic
Closed mouth surgery
I want to watch him die a painful death with my own eyes
director
One subject at a time
While the cells are still active
Hurry up and have the removal surgery
No.
Ah, no!
Don't leave my dad
Ah!
If you die, I don't even have anyone to hate.
To kill him Xiaoyan
Xuerao
If there is another life
I will treat you well
Ah!
Yes, I am.